Let's ALL look after the less capable in our village and ensure they stay healthy. Bringing shopping to their doors, help with online shopping and self isolation if you have symptoms or been exposed to somebody who has. Positive
ADARA Releases COVID-19 Resource Center for Travel Brands: Insights Help Travel Brands Stay Up-To-Date on Consumer Travel Behavior Trends Positive
For those who aren't struggling, please consider donating to a food bank or a nonprofit. The demand for these services will increase as COVID-19 impacts jobs, and people's way of life. Positive
with 100 nations inficted with covid 19 the world must not play fair with china 100 goverments must demand china adopts new guilde lines on food safty the chinese goverment is guilty of being irosponcible with life on a global scale Negative
UK #consumer poll indicates the majority expect #covid19's impact to last 4-12 months (at 12 March). We expect this to increase at the next #tracker... See full results of the @RetailX Coronavirus Consumer Confidence Tracker Positive
This morning I tested positive for Covid 19. I feel ok, I have no symptoms so far but have been isolated since I found out about my possible exposure to the virus. Stay home people and be pragmatic. I will keep you updated on how I'm doing? Negative
No food? in USA market due to coronavirus panic we gonna die from starvation #CoronavirusOutbreak #coronavirus #houston #nofood #Notoiletpaper #NoHandShakes #nohandsanitizer #COVID19 #pandemic #totallockdown #COVID2019usa #walmart Negative
Please Share Know someone who's 65 Living on their own struggling to get 2 their local supermarket due to issues around 19 We re offering FREE deliveries of our healthy soups NATIONWIDE to anyone 65 in need Plus their freezable Positive
Global food prices before the spread of COVID 19 intensified across several geographies We could see further downward pressures in the coming months due to continued well supplied markets and the negative impact on demand resulting from the virus Negative
Of all the things to panic buy in an emergency, I don't get why toilet paper is so important. If you're afraid of the worst case scenario, just wash up in the tub and use your money on food. Y'all crazy. #coronavirus Negative
Bought a house during Covid-19 panic. Didn't think to buy food for the house. Tragic. Negative
This is both disgusting and disgraceful charging over inflated prices for items for stopping the spread of COVID-19, the government really needs to do something about Negative
I hate grocery shopping in general but I swear I'm doing it online next shop, can not deal with the swathes of panic buyers at all! #COVID?19 #coronavirus #coronavirusuk #anxiety #panicbuyinguk Negative
New @CSPI consumer's guide examines how 20 largest restaurant chains by sales are handling paid sick leave during COVID-19 pandemic. Results not good: 60% didn't disclose any paid leave policy and only 3 chains offer sick leave at nationwide Negative
@AirCanada very poor customer service if you let the algorithms run the prices up in states of emergency and do not refund the cost. Also very poor staffing Negative
Currently self isolating as I'm symptomatic. Thinking how to support elderly neighbour/ friend. I've done her online shopping for her (agreed it over the phone!) and calling her daily! We might even attempt a skype video call... #coronavirus Positive
If you're the people walking into retail stores... you're the problem. You're responsible for making this shit spread. Feel guilty, stop shopping. Online shopping is available from home. #coronavirus #retail #Covid19Walkout Negative
FYI it s called the not the Chinese Virus Notice nasty mentions supporting industries to help his stock market trump is still trying to CUT Medicare amp Social Security benefits food stamps AND remove pre existing conditions coverage from ACA Positive
Spark's Manila call centre is closing to help prevent the spread of Covid 19 Calls will be routed to NZ based help deskers instead Spark is asking for patience with calls and that people use the MySpark app or visit a retail store Positive
I feel like I won the #lottery just now. How much is this worth on the #stockmarket #toiletpaper #Arizona #coronavirus #StopPanicBuying #FoxNews #fox10phoenix Positive
First shops to make this effort could really win the PR game... and make a real difference. Positive
Thank you @NorthgateGlzMrk for taking care of our abuelos/as! Positive
If a person doesn't have the capability to do online shopping, I would encourage for a relative / friend / acquaintance to do the shopping for them (if out of city / state / country) and have them as alternate pick up person. #coronavirus Positive
Televangelists are making a killing from the CoVID 19 panic. They're selling their 'survival' meals for $750 for 60 days worth of food. ?? I'm almost sure it was at least $200 cheaper two months ago. Negative